Add child stream handling to best practices (#82)
singer-io/getting-started: docs/BEST_PRACTICES.md

individual API's underlying implementation, but there are some best
practices that can provide guidance in many cases.

1. **Reduce Stream Dependencies** - Keep logic for child streams separate
   from parent streams. Each stream should be able to be extracted without
   requiring the parent to be selected and without complex boolean logic
   to determine what data to emit.
   - This opens up options in implementation that can provide efficiencies
     like only requesting the parent object's ID field for the child
     object's sync, and generally results in more readable code.
   - For REST APIs that provide a client library, the library functions
     usually try to make efficient use of this pattern by lazy loading the
     parent object and only making HTTP requests as necessary.
   - [Example
   tap-shopify](https://github.com/singer-io/tap-shopify/blob/v1.2.9/tap_shopify/streams/order_refunds.py#L28-L31)
2. **Signpost State Keeping** - Set a maximum bookmark value before the
   sync begins and store bookmarks only up to that value. For large data
   sets, records are being updated as the tap is requesting all of the

>    data. As the tap's extraction intersects with the data changing in real
>    time, records can be missed, but setting a "signpost" bookmark as a
>    maximum value to be stored can help with many race conditions and
>    sorting issues.

Reviewer: @dmosorast - Thanks for creating this content! I found the second sentence in this section a little hard to follow personally, specifically why/how records get missed. I have been struggling to document something similar myself so I took a stab below. It's hard to explain concisely but I think we're getting close.

```suggestion
   data. As the tap's extraction reads records that may be changing in real
   time, setting a "signpost" bookmark as a
   maximum value to be stored can help with many race conditions and
   sorting issues. This signpost prevents the bookmark from advancing to
   a point where subsequent executions of the tap would miss records modified
   within the batch interval.
```

Author: Yup, this does read better. Thanks for the suggestion!
